Hey hey Rach Oh so it looks like we're
the first ones here yeah Oh Tommy this
is Ross Ross huh
oh I'm sorry this is Kailen I think I'm
gonna run to the ladies okay
[Music]
this is awkward yeah well you know cause
Rachel and I used to go out oh I didn't
I didn't know that oh well then this is
awkward so what do you I think we're
here yeah yeah excuse me I'm sorry I
think you may be in our seats no I don't
think so can we take a look at your
ticket
sure
yep yeah see this says d13 and oh well I
thought that long yeah well that didn't
really work out too well for it did you
idiot
people moron Raja's d13 okay look you're
surrounded by even numbers that could be
some clue oh oh well the usher must be
right what was all the training they go
through here
hey man you want the island I'm good
so what you think almost as good as the
play with the two naked girls on the
seesaw I wasn't in there madam listen I
want you to meet everybody everybody
this is chase giver excuse me sweetheart
come so that's the girl you like telling
you this guy Rachel is with it's crazy
okay viciously screamed at total
strangers I think he's bad news
wait a minute wait a minute you don't
like the guy Rachel's dating that's hey
you guys this is this is Kate's
understudy Lauren she looks so familiar
oh yeah I ran into you in the hallway in
your building it was right after I slept
with Joey he dumped me the next day
Joey sweetheart you were fabulous
hey you guys it's my agent Estelle patio
- oh you two girls were outstanding
do they have representation they weren't
in the play we're not actors
oh what a shame because with her face
and her chest I could really put
something together could I borrow it
remember me hi yeah
Tommy's in line for the bathroom and
someone just cut in front of him I think
he's gonna snap
I'm gonna go go
why I don't know could be because I
don't feel like standing around all
night waiting for some guy who may or
may not scream you definitely will
scream here we go people
[Music]
Boxing Day the Lucille Lortel theater
joey tribianni gives an uneven
performance that mr. Tribbiani is not
the worst thing in this production
Kate Miller's awkward and mannered
portrayal is laughable bara bara bara
AHA Paradis the direction by Marshall
townand is thank you boys and girls
you've ruined my life please stuff your
talentless faces with my mother's crab
cakes excuse me
anyone mind if I save this